♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] Their first stop
is the island of Punk Hazard.
There, they face off against
the mad scientist, Caesar Clown,
who has unleashed a
terrifying bioweapon
known as "Land of the Dead."
Seeking to outrun the deadly gas
that threatens to overtake them,
the Straw Hats dash through
the massive laboratory
alongside their ally,
the Warlord, Trafalgar Law.
Their objective is
to kidnap Caesar,
free his captives,
and escape the island
before the Land of the
Dead can claim them.
Agh! I told you who
I have backing me.
Oh! The craziest
pirate of them all!
Are you sure you want
to face a deadly Warlord
like Don Quixote Doflamingo?
How about you listen to me?
[CAESAR CLOWN screams]
[LUFFY]
I'm not scared of you!
Here we are, Joker.
I opened the gate.
The gears are broken--
there is no turning back.
For anyone.
[LUFFY] "Caesar's Defeat!
The Powerful Grizzly Magnum!"
[NARRATOR]
In another five minutes,
the entire building will
be filled with lethal gas.
The survivors are frantically
making their way
through the lab
toward Building R
and the last remaining
exit, door R-66.
However...
[CHILDREN screaming]
Now the ceiling's
falling in on us, too?
The whole laboratory is shaking!
[MARINE A yelping]
[gasps]
[ROBIN] Look at the cracks!
The gas is seeping in.
Great, now what?
[ROBIN] We keep going!
Get to Building R!
[NAMI]
Everyone move!
But I'm scared!
I don't wanna die!
[KONBU cries]
I'm too tired to run anymore!
[SANJI] Come on! This is
no time to wuss out, kids.
Now get going!
[NAMI]
Please, don't give up!
[ROBIN]
On your feet! Quick!
[gasps]
The captain's here!
I'm glad she's okay!
[MARINE D] So, you beat
the bird woman, Captain?
Hold on a second, why are
they coming from that way?
They were supposed to stay
behind to cover our escape,
weren't they?
The G-5 is headed
straight for us!
I told you we were going
in the wrong direction,
you stubborn jerk!
You know what, forget about
it and just put me down.
This is embarrassing!
There's no time for that now!
You're stayin' right
where you are!
Zoro!
What the hell do you
think you're doing
carrying her over your
shoulder like a sack of flour?
Not this way! Turn back!
[TASHIGI screams]
[SANJI growls]
Hurry up, everybody.
Run faster!
What's that nonsense
you were spewing, Law?
"Opened the gate."
"There's no turning back."
Don't be ridiculous.
I'll teach you
your place! Now!
[MARINE H]
The ceiling's gonna collapse!
[MARINE I]
We need to move!
Stay and we're
gonna get crushed!
Yeah, let's get out of here.
I've done all I can
for now, anyway.
Head straight for Building R!
[MARINE F]
Don't worry, we got this!
Well, guys, let's go!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho...!
[CHOPPER]
Mocha! Stay with me.
We're gonna get you out of here.
[VERGO]
That was cruel.
How am I supposed to
eat breakfast tomorrow?
You don't mess around
when you want revenge.
You weren't supposed
to win this round, Law.
I bet you're proud of
the upset you pulled off.
[VERGO] But you're going to
regret what you've done here.
I promise you that.
You don't know as much about
Joker's past as you should,
and you're going to pay with
your life for that ignorance.
Upstarts like you get
a touch of fame
and think they can
take over the world,
but they couldn't be more wrong.
There's always someone stronger.
You're too weak to win.
Right, Smoker?
You runts have energy,
I'll give you that much,
but energy isn't enough to--
Don't waste your breath
worryin' about me.
You've got your own
problems to deal with.
[LAW]
This room's gonna explode soon.
So long, Vergo the pirate.
What's goin' on now?
The ceiling.
Uh! I fear we may be in the
path of some falling debris.
[SUBORDINATES yelling]
[laughs]
There's only one man who
could have done this!
It must be Law!
[ALL scream]
Agh! Why isn't Vergo
doing something?
Please, Master!
Tell us what's going on.
We've got men buried
under the wreckage!
Master!
Curse it all!
This laboratory is my paradise,
and it's crumbling to
pieces, thanks to you!
The crew... I hope they're okay.
[ALL gasp]
[screaming]
[USOPP] Take advantage
of the confusion! Roll!
All right. Time to take a look
around for those handcuffs.
[rumbling]
You're kidding me!
It seems like the Straw
Hat guy got away.
--[SUBORDINATE M] Where is he?
--Find him!
R Building, floor two.
Hey, can you hear me?
[SUBORDINATE O]
Oh! The Master's calling.
[SUBORDINATE AA]
He'll take care of us.
Whatever's going on,
he'll handle it.
[CAESAR CLOWN] Secret room,
come in. Do you read me?
[SUBORDINATE O]
Yes, Master.
Will you please tell us
what just happened?
Open the air vents on
the first floor at once.
[gasps]
Well, what are you waiting
for? You heard me.
I want the Land of the Dead
to flow into this room.
[SUBORDINATE O]
But... the gas is lethal.
I'm made of gas.
It's not going to hurt me.
[SUBORDINATE O]
Right. Roger that.
We'll just evacuate the soldiers
from the first floor--
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I said do it now!
Is there a problem?
Do I need to define
the word "now" for you?
Stop making excuses
and do as I tell you!
[SUBORDINATE O]
But, Master, there are over
a hundred of our
people down there.
Do I look like I give a damn?
You fools are nothing
but guinea pigs!
A hundred of you could die,
and nobody would even notice
you were gone, let alone care!
You're the dregs of society!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
What are you doing?!
Can't you hear me?
It doesn't matter how
many of you I lose.
You're all easily replaceable!
[laughs]
Let in the Land of the Dead.
It will give me even more power!
[USOPP]
Man, that was a close one.
That's gotta hurt for them,
seeing Caesar's true colors.
[gasps]
[USOPP]
The others!
[USOPP] The gas is gonna
get them any second.
I wonder, could I control
the doors from here?
Something wrong?
Hey, I'm asking you.
Huh? No. No, sir.
Hey, wait. I get it now!
The Master must be trying to
fool Straw Hat. It's all a show!
[ALL]
Huh?
Yeah, that's right.
It's gotta be!
I bet he has a plan
to deal with the gas, too.
He wouldn't just let our
people die. There's no way.
[SUBORDINATES]
Yeah, not a chance!
The Master's such
a sensitive guy;
it would hurt him if he
knew we suspected him.
Master! It's done.
I opened the vents for you.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughing]
No! The gas is leaking in here!
We're all gonna die!
Good boy. You should have done
what I said from the beginning.
You're here to follow
orders, not think.
[laughing]
Now, flow into me, Land of
the Dead! Give me power!
[gasps]
[laughing]
[groans, coughs]
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[laughs]
[laughing]
Behold my full strength!
The true power of science!
[laughs]
Ha! Such power!
[laughing]
Well, take a good look,
Straw Hat Luffy.
Are you still certain
you want to fight me?
Are you strong enough to
face the power of science?
This has been a very
useful demonstration.
I've already had two
countries express interest
in acquiring the Land
of the Dead from me.
Countries that are
normally peaceful.
But after learning a weapon
like this existed,
they realized they needed
to protect themselves
by whatever means necessary.
My expertise will be in
high demand soon enough.
I will fill the world
with weapons I created,
and when that's done,
I'll take my place
as the king of the
Land of the Dead!
[laughs]
Now, watch.
[SUBORDINATES screaming]
[SUBORDINATE BB]
Run!
Why, Master?
[SUBORDINATE CC]
He killed our brothers!
[SUBORDINATE DD]
How could he?
[SUBORDINATE O]
Master!
Lowlife guinea pigs--
is that really all we are?
[laughs]
My deadly creation works
so well it amazes even me.
Shutting down the nervous
system almost instantaneously.
It's art as well as science!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[MOMONOSUKE]
Uh! Impossible!
How could one man
possess such power?
Those poor people.
[LUFFY]
Will you look after Brownbeard?
Oh, yes.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
Hey, come back here.
We were just getting started.
Ha! Going to turn tail
and run after all?
How incredibly pathetic of you.
It isn't going to do
you any good, though,
not when the Land of the Dead
has practically
filled Building B.
There's nowhere left to run.
The entire island
is a deathtrap now.
And you guinea pigs ought to
keep that in mind as well.
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[laughing]
[SUBORDINATES scream]
All of you are going
to die. Right now!
Like the trash you are.
[SUBORDINATE X]
Brownbead was right.
The Master was just using us.
It's true!
But he... was such
a good master.
Hey, I know you're
brokenhearted and all,
but can I take a look at that
control panel for a sec?
My friends are down there and
I'm not gonna let 'em die.
You jerk. You watched the
whole time, didn't you?
Ah! Let's kill him!
Kill me? I wasn't the one
who gassed your friends.
Yeah, he's right.
We trusted the Master for years,
and he betrayed us
in the worst way.
What do we do now?
We didn't learn the truth
till it was too late.
There's nowhere to run.
The whole island's toxic!
[SUBORDINATE EE] You people are
just as dead as we are though!
[SUBORDINATE FF] And your
captain stabbed you in the back!
Did you see him run from Caesar?
Ha-ha! Serves you right.
He took off like a coward and
left the rest of you behind.
Wait, what was that?
Don't tell me I just heard
you insult my captain
right in front of me.
[SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
[USOPP] Honestly, if he
were the type of person
who would turn tail
without a second thought,
things would probably be easier.
[USOPP] There are so many times
I would've run if was up to me.
Now, Third Gear!
[USOPP] But no matter
what we're up against,
he never hesitates.
He never stops believing in us.
[USOPP] So we have no choice
but to believe in him, too.
We've pledged to live
up to his expectations
as long as we breathe!
[SUBORDINATES screaming]
Uh. Master, please don't!
[laughing]
[BOTH gasp]
[laughs]
You people are so pathetic.
It's almost not worth
the effort to kill you.
But there are consequences for
standing against your master.
[SUBORDINATS screaming]
[SUBORDINATE GG] This is awful.
What should we do?
[SUBORDINATE HH]
There isn't anything we can do.
There's no way we could
beat someone so strong.
[USOPP]
Yes, there is!
[ALL]
Huh?
Just believe in our captain,
that's all you have to do.
Caesar may be strong,
but he's the kind of person
that Luffy hates the most.
[SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
[SUBORDINATE ZF yelps]
I-I'm sorry, Master! Spare me!
That's right! I decide
what happens to you!
I am your master and savior,
and that means your
worthless lives
are mine to keep or throw away!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[USOPP] If anyone can make
Caesar pay, it's Luffy.
Now, Armament Hardening!
[yells]
[laughs]
Caesar!
What's this?
You decided to come back?
Didn't think you had it in you.
I'm gonna finish you now
so I never see you again!
This is it! My demonstration
will have the perfect ending!
Straw Hat Luffy's death!
[laughs]
Now, die!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
[yelling]
...Grizzly Magnum!
[growling]
[laughing]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
You're done now!
You can't stand against
the power of science!
The Master of Punk Hazard
has defeated you.
Say goodbye!
[growling]
Shut up!
[yells]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
Wait, Straw Hat,
let's make a deal.
You can work under me.
Let's calm down for
a second and talk.
[CAESAR CLOWN screams]
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
[NARRATOR] Luffy's victory
against the evil Caesar Clown
sends a shockwave
throughout the New World.
Shortly thereafter,
an intimidating assassin
sent by Doflamingo approaches
the sky above Punk Hazard,
signaling the beginning of a
brand-new storm of conflict.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Raid!
An Assassin from Dressrosa!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!